1. Why is the operating system important?
OS is the most essential and vital part of a computer without 
which it is considered useless. 
It enables an interface or acts 
like a link for interaction between computer 
software that is installed on OS and users.

2. What's the main purpose of an OS? 
The main purpose of an OS is to execute user programs and make it easier for users 
to understand and interact with computers as well as run applications.

3. What are the benefits of a multiprocessor system?
A Multiprocessor system is a type of system that includes two or more CPUs. It involves the processing of different computer programs at the same time mostly by a computer system with two or more CPUs that are sharing single memory. 

4. What is RAID structure in OS? 
RAID (Redundant Arrays of Independent Disks) is a method used to store data on Multiple hard disks therefore it is considered as data storage virtualization technology that combines multiple hard disks

5. What is GUI?
GUI (Graphical User Interface) is basically a type of user interface that allows users to use graphics to interact with OS.

6. What is a Pipe and when it is used?
The pipe is generally a connection among two or more processes that are interrelated to each other. It is a mechanism that is used for inter-process communication using message passing. 

7.What are the different kinds of operations that are possible on semaphore?
There are basically two atomic operations that are possible
Wait()
Signal()

8.What is a bootstrap program in OS?
It is generally a program that initializes OS during startup i.e., first code that is executed whenever computer system startups. OS is loaded through a bootstrapping process or program commonly known as booting.

9. Explain demand paging?
Demand paging is a method that loads pages into memory on demand. This method is mostly used in virtual memory.

10. What do you mean by RTOS?
Real Time Operating System (RTOS) is an operating system that is used for real-time applications i.e., for those applications where data processing should be done in a fixed and small measure of time.
